For the home page of your website, here is a checklist of requirements that you must implement:

Add meta tags for name, content, description, author, and keywords.
Change the font for one of the paragraphs using a new Google fontLinks to an external site. of your choice.
Edit the content to reflect information related to the theme of your choice. Add a comment at the top of the <body> element, in the code for your index.html (homepage), explaining the theme that you chose for your website. Address why you chose this theme, and how you aim to explore this theme with your website. Elaborate to help us better understand your goals. For instance, you can write something like: “For this assignment, I chose to focus on my adventures this summer. I got the chance to travel to Greece for a month. The theme of my website will include favorite spots visited, favorite concerts I went to, favorite restaurants, and best memories, with pictures. I will also include a list of recommendation of things to do for a first time visitor to Greece and specify the order in which to tackle various new spots (i.e., on day 1, on day 2, etc.). ”
Change the images to be relevant to the chosen theme. Please use royalty free images or pictures that you have taken.
Add padding and increase white space between pictures as needed.
Add a footer. Check chapter 15's example (see Resources above) for a footer example. A simple footer can have your name and email.
Edit the navbar links to other pages.
Make sure to add comments to different sections of the code to explain the content.
For the other pages, here is a checklist of requirements that you must implement:

Personalize the text
Change the background color and add borders for the table
Add a footer. Center the footer text and images.
Add a navbar that links to the other pages.
Customize the map
Change the background color for the form.
Make sure to add comments to different sections of the code to explain the content.

The last step consists of publishing your work. Follow Publishing to Andrew Domain Manual.pdf Download Publishing to Andrew Domain Manual.pdf or this tutorial Github Pages Tutorial.pdf Download Github Pages Tutorial.pdfto publish your website to your Andrew Domain or GitHub pages. Include the link to your published site as a comment at the top of your index page and in the text entry box for this assignment.
